ello, 

We noticed this is your first app submission and want to congratulate you on joining the Apple Developer Program. We look forward to working together on your submissions.

When App Review identifies an issue with a submission, we’ll contact you with a message in App Store Connect with details about what we found and how to resolve the issue. Learn more about App Review and tips for a smooth review experience. 

See below for additional information about the issues that require your attention for this submission. If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: ba9e710d-f155-4c1b-8d3c-e0c221651797
Review date: May 21, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air (5th generation)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (1)

Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: An error message populated after we attempted to log in.

Review device details:

- Device type: iPad Air (5th generation) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.5
- Internet Connection: Active

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. 

Resources

- For information about testing apps and preparing them for review, see Testing a Release Build.
- To learn about troubleshooting networking issues, see Networking Overview.


Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

We look forward to reviewing your resubmission.

Best regards,

App Review
Reply to App Review

Date Submitted
May 20, 2026 at 10:25 AM
Submission ID
ba9e710d-f155-4c1b-8d3c-e0c221651797
Submitted By
Mindy Jenkins
Last Updated By
Apple
Cancel Submission
App Store Connect
Copyright © 2026 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us